Feature/doc restructure rosidl typesupport microxrcedds (#14)
microROS/micro-ROS-doc: rosidl_typesupport_microxrcedds/README.md

﻿# Type support system

In Micro-ROS, as in regular ROS2, message types are defined using .msg files.

> During Micro-ROS compilation the .msg files are used to  generate a type support library with all the needed code to create, serialize and desserialize message types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During Micro-ROS compilation the .msg files are used to generate a type support library with all the needed code to create, serialise and deserialise message types.
```
